---
title: Terms and Condition
layout: default
description: Terms and Conditions | Stop Bullying Tour
permalink: "/terms-conditions/"
---

<section>
	<div class="container">
		<div class="row">
			<div class="col-lg-12 col-md-12 col-sm-12 col-xs-12">
			<h1>TERMS OF SERVICE</h1>
<p>Access to and use of this website is subject to the following terms and conditions. By using this website you agree in advance to accept any changes to such terms and conditions of use.</p><h3>Ownership</h3><p>All intellectual and any other property rights whether now existing or in the future, including without limitation copyright, contents icons, text, information, graphics, displays, look and feel, images and photographs of this website belong to and are controlled by Stop Bullying Tour.</p><p>Music and Videos are property of their appropriate record labels and artists and are used for promotional use only. Singles are not downloadable and are streamed accordingly. All Music and Videos are placed on the website for promotional use only and to gain exposure for said artists.</p><p>You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the without limitation contents icons,text, information, graphics, displays, look and feel, images and photographs of this website, in whole or in part save where authorized or authorized by law. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without the express written permission of Stop Bullying Tour. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading altering or in any way dealing with copyrighted material.</p><h3>Copyright Notice</h3><p>The following information on use of copyrighted materials applies to Stop Bullying Tour created documents and images only. For permission to use third party materials appearing on the Stop Bullying Tour website, you must contact the copyright owner. Stop Bullying Tour created documents and images are protected by copyright, trademarks and other laws.</p><p>Stop Bullying Tour shall have the right at any time to change or modify these terms and conditions, or any part thereof, or to impose new conditions, including, but not limited to, adding fees and charges for use. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means including, but not limited to, posting online. Your continued use of this website after such notice shall be deemed to constitute your acceptance of such changes, modifications or additions. Stop Bullying Tour shall have the right at any time to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of this website, including, but not limited to, content text, image, photographs, graphics, displays, information on or at the website, hours of availability, and equipment needed for access or use.</p><h3>No Licenses</h3><p>Nothing contained in this website shall be construed as conferring expressly, by implication or otherwise, any license or right of whatsoever nature (except as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions) or any proprietary rights to the website or without limitation any content, icon, image, photographs, graphics, displays, information or others on or at the website.</p><h3>Restrictions On Use</h3><p>You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material from this website including without limitation code and software. You may download authorized material from this website for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Any other use requires the prior written permission of Stop Bullying Tour. You agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any of the material contained in this website or use it for any other purpose other than for your personal non-commercial use. You agree to use this website only for lawful purposes, and in a manner which does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit or impede or derogate the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party. Such restriction or inhibition or impediment or derogation includes, without limitation, conduct which is unlawful, or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to or prejudice or adversely affect any person, the transmission of obscene or offensive content or disruption of normal flow of dialogue or transactions to or from or within this website. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you shall not post or transmit through or in this website any material which violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, which is unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane or otherwise objectionable, which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law, or which, without Stop Bullying Tour&#8217;s express prior approval or unless otherwise permitted in the contents of this website, contains advertising or any solicitation with respect to products or services. Any conduct by you which in Stop Bullying Tour&#8217;s discretion restricts or inhibits or impede or derogate any other user of this website from using or enjoying this website will not be permitted. You shall not use this website to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation, including, but not limited to, the solicitation of users to become subscribers of other on-line information services competitive with this website. You shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on this website any material protected by copyright, trademark or such other proprietary right of whatever nature without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right and the burden of determining that any material is not protected by any intellectual or industrial property rights or any proprietary rights rests with you. You shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of any intellectual or industrial property rights or any proprietary rights or any other harm resulting from such a submission.</p><p>By submitting or posting or copying material to any area of this website, you shall be deemed to have automatically granted, or warrant that the owner of such material has expressly granted Stop Bullying Tour the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate and distribute in any part of the world such material (in whole or in part) and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any intellectual or industrial property rights or any proprietary rights that may exist in such material. You also permit any other user of this website to access, view, store or reproduce the material for that user&#8217;s personal use. You hereby grant Stop Bullying Tour the right to edit, copy, publish and distribute any material made available on this website by you.</p><h3>Disclaimer</h3><p>Stop Bullying Tour has provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. Neither Stop Bullying Tour, its parent or subsidiary companies nor their affiliates operate or control in any respect any information, products or services on these third-party sites. The materials in this website (including without limitation, information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to Stop Bullying Tour and its services) and the third-party sites are provided &#8220;as is&#8221; and without warranties of any kind statutory or express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Stop Bullying Tour disclaims all warranties statutory or, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or title. Stop Bullying Tour does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this website or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components. Stop Bullying Tour does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this website or in third-party sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. You (and not Stop Bullying Tour) assume the entire cost of all necessary maintenance, repair or correction necessary whether to the material that you submit, post, copy or in any other way make available on this website and any device, equipment, hardware, software and appliance used by you or by any other party for or on your behalf to access this website.</p><h3>Limitation Of Liability</h3><p>Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence or other cause of action whether statutory common law, equity or otherwise, shall Stop Bullying Tour, its parent and subsidiary companies or affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages including without limitation loss of data, loss of opportunity, loss of savings, whether arising at law or equity or otherwise that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this website. You specifically acknowledge and agree that Stop Bullying Tour is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with any Stop Bullying Tour material, or with any of the terms and conditions herein, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this website.</p><h3>Monitoring</h3><p>Stop Bullying Tour shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the contents of this website to determine compliance with these terms and conditions and any operating rules established by Stop Bullying Tour and to satisfy any law, regulation or authorized government request or directive or policy or guideline . Stop Bullying Tour shall have the right in its sole discretion to edit, refuse to post or remove any material submitted to or posted on this website. Without limiting the foregoing, Stop Bullying Tour shall have the right to remove any material that Stop Bullying Tour, in its sole discretion, finds to be in violation of these terms and conditions or otherwise objectionable.</p><h3>Information as part of a contact or promotion</h3><p>Additionally, you should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose Personal Information, such information, along with any substantive information disclosed in your communication, may be collected and used by Stop Bullying Tour in its discretion for promotional and other purposes whether related or not.</p><p>Upon request, Stop Bullying Tour will use reasonable efforts to allow you to update/correct personal information previously submitted which you state is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests.</p><h3>General</h3><p>If there is any conflict between these terms and conditions and rules and/or specific terms of use appearing on this site relating to specific material, then the latter shall prevail.</p><p>Stop Bullying Tour does not make any representation that materials in and/or facilities or services offered through this website are available for use in other locations, or that they comply with any legal or regulatory requirements of such other locations. Those who choose to access this website do so at their own risk and on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, to the extent that any local laws are applicable.</p><p>These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Florida without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Any dispute under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Floridian courts and, by using this website, you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts for such purposes and waive any and all objections to the jurisdiction or venue in such courts or law. If any provision of this Agreement shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. If these terms and conditions are not accepted in full, the use of this website by you must be terminated immediately.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</section>